docs/_pages/home.md, before:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
header:
  overlay_color: "#5e616c"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/cover/peloto_texto.png
  actions:
    #- label: "<i class='fas fa-download'></i> Install now"
    #  url: "/installation/"
excerpt: 
  Write your doc title here
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/cover/logbook.jpg
    alt: "Logbook"
    title: "Logbook"
    excerpt: "Goals, progress, problems and solutions achieved during development"
    url: "/logbook/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"

  - image_path: /assets/images/cover/install.png
    alt: "Install"
    title: "Install"
    excerpt: "Use of the software. Instructions for replicating project content."
    url: "/install/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"

  - image_path: /assets/images/cover/about.jpg
    alt: "About"
    title: "About"
    excerpt: "More information about the project. References used, guides, articles, etc."
    url: "/about/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"   
youTube_id: ID7qaEcIu4k
---

{% include feature_row %}

Hello, everybody.

You can write an introduction about the work you are going to do, links, something about yourself, etc.

In the `README.md` file at the root of the project are the steps to replicate the Minimal mistakes template on your local machine. This way you don't need to upload it to GitHub to be represented until it's ready.

Uploading content to GitHub automatically displays your documentation in the link with a structure of the type:

```
https://github_user_name.github.io/repository_name/
```

Commit message:

Added initial release of the page.

docs/_pages/home.md, after:

---
layout: splash
permalink: /
title: TFM - Nacho Condés (2019)
header:
  overlay_color: "#5e616c"
  overlay_image: /assets/images/cover/peloto_texto.png
  actions:
    #- label: "<i class='fas fa-download'></i> Install now"
    #  url: "/installation/"
excerpt: 
  "Working at the moment on ___Person following behavioral using Deep Learning___ (TFG II: The Revenge)."
feature_row:
  - image_path: /assets/images/cover/logbook.jpg
    alt: "Logbook"
    title: "Logbook"
    excerpt: "Goals, progress, problems and solutions achieved during development"
    url: "/logbook/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"

  - image_path: /assets/images/cover/install.png
    alt: "Install"
    title: "Install"
    excerpt: "Use of the software. Instructions for replicating project content."
    url: "/install/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"

  - image_path: /assets/images/cover/about.jpg
    alt: "About"
    title: "About"
    excerpt: "More information about the project. References used, guides, articles, etc."
    url: "/about/"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    btn_label: "Learn more"   
youTube_id: ID7qaEcIu4k
---

{% include feature_row %}

Hello, everybody.

This website is devoted to serve as a follow-up mean for my for the End on Master's Degree (spanish TFM).

Currently, I'm focused on an expansion of the TFG work I delivered two years ago, so we are still actively working on that GitHub repository, [have a look!](https://github.com/RoboticsLabURJC/2017-tfg-nacho_condes)

Please notice that, as it is under active development, it might be unstable when trying to use it. So, we created beforehand [a release encompassing the last stable version](https://github.com/RoboticsLabURJC/2017-tfg-nacho_condes/releases/tag/TFG). You can work on it without functional issues!

Feel free to reach me on [email](mailto:nachocmstrato@gmail.com) for any further concerns.
